and there people here who speaks is the record
we are that our second they more
tips
but before starting the video I ask that
you like the smart brazil page and
for the smart group of depression in addition to
follow me on twitter see and when
we reach the 500 bikes on the tv will
have live stream every day says mahdi
all the links you will need
be in the description now for the video
today we are going to speak of a purple egyptian god
the god of war who messes with sand
Egypt desert sand is makes sense makes
physical sense it the theme the skerry
famous adc renders and his pro has a
high damage on single enemy then praxes
where is very good
walking the passive of honor is that
reduce the physical power of the
enemy for 15 seconds for more than
Number love it creates a castle
sand in the middle of the stones with your bucket
I tect
according to he does this but he wanted and
this castle and gives a slowness of
35% and who is in the sand besides giving
an increase of up to 25% in the
enemies who are in the sand and celinho
disappears after seven seconds is enough
used when you want to get a
enemy who is taking care of you because
You 're running because whoever ran
in the sand
you know suffered but that the second man
throws his spear with much more force
France beat an enemy god deals damage
pushes the enemy backwards and still
enemy to hit a wall or even
Your castle, that 's all that one day.
will take the steampunk can reach a
second and middle and dance hall dance
reaches up to 350
but 80% of your total physical attack
furthermore launches crosses all
in Homs causing harm them is also
what the pride of your legs
strong muscles to jump on the spot
marked causing enemy damage that may
reach up to 210 but 60% of its power
total physics and throwing all enemies
to the air in the ultimate a capuchin riff
quickly throw the braids that
cross all enemies causing
damage to everyone in your
Ranch
in addition to letting immune hamburg take care
control crowd control that would be
this a pier halls and any other
crowd control and this utility can
cause up to 160 plus 15% of its power
total physique in each boom
then you will attack for eight years and can
160 plus 15 percent of your
physical power
If you hit every boy, he left giving
What are you going to do to face this?
closer and closer you can choose
So much closer is he talking about a
thing here even being illegal is legal
to do the following items
First I Like I Do The ninja tab de
reduction of care 1
then I do twitter km of life
witnessed speed attack and in
The truth is the card for allies.
I do the executive will fight my
passive giving the benefit or protection
of the enemy and make a milk quiz that is
very good that will give me the fiscal life
power enough speed and will help against
the tanks
I make a rigid one is essential for everything
adc will be very critical even strip
30% criticize chance 15 loses
speed is passive than that of those who
you did not hit
if you are the type who is not critical it
Here he is and he's here.
and it seems that it is taking 5% more than
chance to give one a critic then
last does a must bring give me 50
physical power 20% and criticize chances and
and critical damage increase by 50%
month leaving life 1 and protect yourself
so see how he stayed he got
250 physical power a boost 38
speedy highlight leaving 0
but here there will be lots of stuff
I had a money there already the office that
protect the guy so you do not need to
so much by the way so will watch it
15% if the south and have but if you
want to change if you can switch to a voice
penetration blade
then of course the chance is 50 per
cent plus 50% of the region's highlights
so it's just pitiful care
physical protection almost 117 from the grandmother of
law will paint two thousand and one hundred
seventy and 431 movement in skills
I start with the 2 after I go to a
then to 32 I maximizing her as
oit and putting in 1 and nautical when
should and lastly and maximize the number 3
why one will give you an additional
damage to friends in the area
her then quite a motive
like this
ae